[erc20-balance-from-graph] Retrieve balance from graph (#119)
snapshot-labs/snapshot-strategies: src/strategies/erc20-balance-from-graph/README.md

This is simple strategy to use balance from graph instead of archive node.

The configuration would be like this:

```json
{

>     "graph": "the api address of your graph",
>     "decimals": 18 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "symbol": "MCB",
    "graph": "the api address of your graph"
```
